herbert west is at the top of his class
in medical school
how can you teach such dribble these
people are here to learn and you're
closing their minds before they even
have a chance
he's brilliant but a little weird i've
broken the six to 12-minute barrier of
conquered brain death his experiments
have always been unorthodox
[Music]
it was dead
but lately they're getting out of hands
and he's just made a discovery that
could wake up the dead
herbert west has affected reanimation
and dead animal tissue
what are you thinking how do you feel
once you wake up the dead you've got a
real
mess on your hands
[Music]
perfect you're insane now what happened
i had to kill him
he's dead not anymore
[Music]
herbert west brought a lot of dead
people back to life
and not one of them showed any
appreciation
[Music]
hp lovecraft's classic tale of horror
reanimator
mr west you'll never get credit for my
discovery who's going to believe a
talking head get a job in a sideshow
it will scare you to pieces
[Music]